README.md, before:

# web-tutorial
Web-based Tutorial Resource for TQM Assignment.

## Code style guide

A few quick rules:
* Lines *must* be 80 characters or fewer.
* No tabs. Ever. Use 4 spaces instead.
* Use LF line endings (i.e. UNIX style). Windows CRLF line endings will be
rejected.
* Indent the HTML sources hierarchically.
* Be sensible.

## How to work with Github - quick primer

GitHub is a version control tool, it will help us track everyone's changes and
include (merge) them into the final version when they are ready.

1. Follow the steps on https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/ to set up
Git. Under "Set Up Git", you should be able to select the platform you're
working on (Mac/Windows/Linux). You can download a GUI to simplify the process
if you are using Mac (https://mac.github.com/) or Windows
(https://windows.github.com).

2. On GitHub.com, browse to the EPDnM-TQM/web-tutorial repository.

3. On the top right, press "Fork". This will create a personal copy of the files
which you can modify at will.

4. Open the GitHub GUI, click on the (+) on the top left, press the "Clone" tab
and select the EPDnM-TQM/web-tutorial fork that you created on the previous
step. Follow the instructions to save a copy on your machine.

5. If you navigate to this fork on the GitHub GUI, the "History" tab will show
you a list of the changes that have already been made to it. You can now work
on these files.

6. It is highly recommended that you save (commit) your changes regularly. To
do this in a controlled way, save your changes in your text editor and
browse to the "Changes" tab in the GitHub GUI. Tick the changes that you want
to commit, write a summary and a description at the bottom of the page, then
click "Commit to master".

7. After a few commits, you might want to add your changes upstream
(to the final copy that we'll submit). To do this, click on the "Sync" button at
the top right of the GitHub GUI. Then go back to the GitHub website, go to your
Profile page, and you should find the Forked repository in the "Repositories"
tab. Follow the link to it. On the top left, you should find a green button with
two arrows. Click on it and a new page should open with a summary of your
changes. Press on the green button "Create Pull Request". Here you can add a
summary and a description of the work that you did. Then click on the green
button "Create Pull Request" again.

8. Your changes will then be revised and merged upstream if they look good and
do not break the work of others.

## Adding "training material" to the website

Copy `template.html` (WIP), rename it to something sensible (`index.html`),
slap it in the proper subdirectory (WIP), and start adding stuff. Dead
simple.

Commit message:

Sync Fork Tutorial
Added a step to the README on how to sync the fork with the upstream.

README.md, after:

# web-tutorial
Web-based Tutorial Resource for TQM Assignment.

## Code style guide

A few quick rules:
* Lines *must* be 80 characters or fewer.
* No tabs. Ever. Use 4 spaces instead.
* Use LF line endings (i.e. UNIX style). Windows CRLF line endings will be
rejected.
* Indent the HTML sources hierarchically.
* Be sensible.

## How to work with Github - quick primer

GitHub is a version control tool, it will help us track everyone's changes and
include (merge) them into the final version when they are ready.

1. Follow the steps on https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/ to set up
Git. Under "Set Up Git", you should be able to select the platform you're
working on (Mac/Windows/Linux). You can download a GUI to simplify the process
if you are using Mac (https://mac.github.com/) or Windows
(https://windows.github.com).

2. On GitHub.com, browse to the EPDnM-TQM/web-tutorial repository.

3. On the top right, press "Fork". This will create a personal copy of the files
which you can modify at will.

4. Open the GitHub GUI, click on the (+) on the top left, press the "Clone" tab
and select the EPDnM-TQM/web-tutorial fork that you created on the previous
step. Follow the instructions to save a copy on your machine.

5. If you navigate to this fork on the GitHub GUI, the "History" tab will show
you a list of the changes that have already been made to it. You can now work
on these files.

6. It is highly recommended that you save (commit) your changes regularly. To
do this in a controlled way, save your changes in your text editor and
browse to the "Changes" tab in the GitHub GUI. Tick the changes that you want
to commit, write a summary and a description at the bottom of the page, then
click "Commit to master".

7. After a few commits, you might want to add your changes upstream
(to the final copy that we'll submit). To do this, click on the "Sync" button at
the top right of the GitHub GUI. Then go back to the GitHub website, go to your
Profile page, and you should find the Forked repository in the "Repositories"
tab. Follow the link to it. On the top left, you should find a green button with
two arrows. Click on it and a new page should open with a summary of your
changes. Press on the green button "Create Pull Request". Here you can add a
summary and a description of the work that you did. Then click on the green
button "Create Pull Request" again.

8. Your changes will then be revised and merged upstream if they look good and
do not break the work of others.

9. To sync the upstream with your fork, just do "git fetch upstream" followed
by "git merge upstream/master" in the terminal/command prompt from the fork 
directory. 
The first time you do this you'll need to define what "upstream" is, by 
running 
"git remote add upstream https://github.com/EPDnM-TQM/web-tutorial.git"

## Adding "training material" to the website

Copy `template.html` (WIP), rename it to something sensible (`index.html`),
slap it in the proper subdirectory (WIP), and start adding stuff. Dead
simple.
